Again, another great Terton, which is Lady Terton. But her, she came very early. So really,
these teachings are not so much existing, kind of like disabled. But however, he was one of the
very
famous Lady Terton, and her name is, I think maybe you heard or not, and her name is Jomo Menmo,
and her name is Jomo Menmo, J-O-M-O, and Jomo Menmo, M-A-N-M-O. Jomo Menmo,
or the real name, her name is Jomo Menmo, it's called a nickname, and the real name is Pima Tsogy.
Pima is you know, Tsogy, T-S-O, and Tsogy, C-H-I-D, Tsogy, or C-H-E-D, either way, Pima Tsogy.
And he was emanation of the Yichin Togya, her soul, her soul, soul. And he came in the 13th century
,
century, and 1248 came, 1248, Jomo Menmo. And so, and that how that explaining,
teaching, and how all of them are teaching, said, and that is which is in the, in the,
what, in the Gopin Masambas, the Yichin Togya is saying, in the 8th century. In the future,
there is one beautiful porcelain girl, born in the monkey ear, monkey ear, which is blessed by the
rakinis. And she was a kind of human, as a hidden Yogini, Yogini, her name also could be Jomo, Jomo
.
At that time, these teachings will be revealed and shared by her to the others and get
lot of realizations. At that time, maybe she won't do too many activities with this,
but whoever connected to this teaching, they will go to the building of the great blissfulness.
And many, also people who practice it, they can reach, reach enlightenment without leaving
warning behind. That's what the teaching said. As it said, said, and then he was born in this
1248 and also in the center Tibet, center Tibet, and father's name was Maka Duryajarpur and mother
's
name was Pima Pandan, Pandan. And father was also Maka, Maka, mother was has large beautiful nature
call it. And both parents gave this young girl's name Pima Sotint, as I said, and her family was
not rich, not poor. And but however, at the age of five, mother passed away, mother passed away,
and the father remarried it, remarried it. And then soon after, the family asked her to look up the
animals, animals. And she's working hard, hard, hard, hard jobs as like almost a kind of attendance
of the families. This, this, this, so she becomes a little bit difficult. And one time at age 13,
when she reached age 13, nearby her, nearby her house, or the village, there is beautiful again,
there is like Rocky Mountain, again known as Garuda Line Rocky Mountain.
And there is very old sugar cave, which is the known sugar cave of Muruga Masambhaka. So he was
around age 30. And she, she is an animal, he's a grating, grating animal in the springtime. And
then after he grazed the animals, animals, she rest a little bit, and he fall asleep, he fall
asleep.
When he fall asleep, sleep, and she in this in a dream, no, no, not dream, sorry, when he fall
asleep,
and then from that Rocky Mountain, or from that cave, there is such beautiful song came, the music
came because of that, I woke up, I'm sorry, she's still sleeping, but that song wake up,
song wake up, song wake up. And that stroke, the cave is kind of completely wide open,
open. And her mind is completely changed. And they know, particularly, they know,
immediately she got up and walked in that cave. When she came inside the cave,
there's the beautiful, prideful display of the cemeteries. So kind of frightful,
every fist for kind of displays, all is in that cave. When she then, when we entered in that cave,
cave, and this prideful, yet there is so many dakinis, so many ladies gathered,
they performed in the big Ganachakra ceremonies, soft ceremonies.
And middle of that, that Ganachakra fist, there was that ladies, that woman, and there is the
principle
dakini is the Vaidyavaras. She is still, and Vaidyavaras is all noble daughter, welcome, welcome
you.
And she said that, and in backside of her hair, in backside of her hair in Rocky Mountain, she both
,
both small, volume, volume, and put in Pima Tsoji's head. And I'm giving you the complete
empowerment, transmission, with instruction, all that in one single status. And she said that,
and she put in her hair. And she also handed it to her. This is your treasures. Treasures,
you must take care of this teaching very secretly, quietly, and you will achieve the
highest realizations, and then, and benefit. That she said, and then she become naturally,
kind of wake it up, she becomes part of all that gatherings, gathering all that ladies,
ladies. And she joined with Chokusei Moon and Ganachakra fist, fist. She enjoyed all that.
After that, all that, this, all that displays a completely, kind of merged completely. And she,
then she went, came out and looking, looked after the animals, and she went, she went back to her
home with the animals even. Because of that circumstances of that presence, her attitude,
her kind of activities are not become same as before, before. She's singing occasionally,
probably singing, dancing, and then as well as also she's reading the mind where others
kind of instantly telling them this and that, that things. And all the villages, everyone says,
oh, she's become some, completely something wrong now. She's become cuckoo, cuckoo. And because in
that area, there is called Danapala, the mountain deed, you know, the chomu bimu, chomu bimu. And
so
means the lady, lady of the bimu. I mean, that's to be the name. In the mountain deed, there's,
that mountain area is like one, invisible, where he goes like, representing or had that. And so,
kind of every village that you used to, she's so powerful, that invisible deed is so powerful.
And that's why this, this chomu bimu, that mountain deed, female mountain deed goddesses,
influenced this bimu bimu. That's why she's become kind of a regular attitudes, attitudes.
And so then, then Nick named her chomu bimu, which is the name of that mountain deed.
Because of all those reasons, she didn't feel really comfortable to stay in her abilities.
She decided to go different place. And she came to the center, again,
center to bed, looked up. That way, Renan was born in that area.
Area, and she met, then, the bimus, this tekum, that way, other day, we're talking, the Renan
pakopi of that life story of Gaurapai Masambhava, which is the demo of Gaurapai Masambhava. So,
she met Gaurapai Masambhava. The moment she met Gaurapai Masambhava, she accidentally burst up the
inborn, great, wisdom, blasphemous. And also, Gaurapai Masambhava, Gaurapai Masambhava,
she and Gaurapai Masambhava, she and Gaurapai Masambhava, she and Gaurapai Masambhava, she and
Gaurapai Masambhava, she and Gaurapai Masambhava, she and Gaurapai Masambhava, she and Gaurapai Mas
ambhava,
she and Gaurapai Masambhava, she and Gaurapai Masambhava, she and Gaurapai Masambhava, she and Gaur
apai Masambhava,
she and Gaurapai Masambhava, she and Gaurapai Masambhava, she and Gaurapai Masambhava, she and
Gaurapai Masambhava, she and Gaurapai Masambhava, she and Gaurapai Masambhava, she and Gaurapai Mas
ambhava,
she stayed quite a long time with him, with him and teaching and practicing that.
And then, Guru Ching Hai said, great that Guru Ching Hai said, what you discover, this teaching is,
is truly, is your Yixin Surya say,
that their heart practices, her personal heart practices with your previous birth or previous
incarnation, Yixin Surya,
and it is another time to immediately to share that with others, keep this sickly and practice by
yourself.
Now you go different areas of the will and some, and as much as you can benefit to the others
through that,
that you must help. You help. In the end, you will go will and without your living body behind.
So he said that, he gave instructions to you. And then, because of that, then he went all the
different places,
up to the mountain, near the Kelechi Mountains, and to all that. And then he also met that time,
that time, Bhimusu, Dhupakaji Master, known as Lingyalepa, Riva, she met him.
And also that instantly increased her realization, as well as his also realization is bursted,
bursted, and bursted.
And so she really kind of stayed as hidden in Yogini and benefiting to all the beings,
means through her conduct, through her activities, and he kept these teachings, teachings very sick
ly.
And at 35, at 35, he and her three disciples came to the center of the Dari Mountain.
Mountain, in the mountain, they all came, and they did a big ceremony of the Ganachakra.
And the Ganachakra, once that ceremony is completed, and all of that flew away in the sky,
and to the Kapaglori Mountains. And that area, many cow herds, saw that, what happened, they saw,
and then suddenly they came to that area, where they leapt up in the sky.
They saw there's a lot of, many left our pools, and they had those pools.
Immediately, they were able to stay in the beautiful merit of the status.
So this is what, how she described, they came.
And even though her teachings are, this event, that time, kind of so long time ago,
there's no continuation, many holders of that.
But however, in the 19th century, or early 19th century, and, no, not early 19th century,
but in the 19th century, in the 19th century, this famous theorem, the post-Chenze,
as I'm talking yesterday, [inaudible]
of post-Chenze, then he able to rediscover this head, that teaching,
which he handed by the [inaudible]
He's able to rediscover, and he gave the teachings, transmissions to post-control,
and as well as many others.
And then now, which he is, is within the collection of the treasure,
the [inaudible] treasure collections that teachings are existing.
So this is the life story of the great [inaudible]
or the [inaudible]
[inaudible]
So that's, that's the one.
Now I want to talk about another one, because she is so early,
and there's no personal experience that she wrote.
But I'll talk again, maybe another one, which came recently.